s3 upload (#21)
Wikia/sroka: sroka/api/s3_connection/README.md

s3_download_data('s3://bucket/folder/2019_01_01/part-111-111-111-111-111-111.csv', 
   output_file='./clicked_1.csv')
```

> ### `s3_upload_data(data, bucket, path, sep=',')`

Reviewer: This file could be auto-generated based on docstrings using [pydoc-markdown](https://pypi.org/project/pydoc-markdown/).

#### Arguments

* pandas DataFrame or numpy array `data` - object to be saved on s3  (obligatory)

> * sting `bucket` - name of an existing bucket on s3 that is file destination (obligatory)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* string `bucket` - name of an existing bucket on s3 that is a file destination (obligatory)
```

* string `path` - full file path within the bucket (obligatory)

> * string `sep` - what separator is used in (default: `,`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* string `sep` - delimiter to use (default: `,`)
```

#### Returns

> * confirmation the file is saved

Reviewer 2: I'm worried that this message could be misleading as the function doesn't return anything, it only prints the message. But maybe it's just my concern - I'm just pointing
